Sept. 12, 1991
The Following files should be 
included:
  SIMON.PRG
  SIMON.GFA
  SIMON.SCR
  SIMON.TXT (This File)
  All files should be in the same   
folder.

SIMON is a registered trademark of 
Milton Bradley Electronics.

Just in case you've been in the dark 
ages. Simon is played like this:

The object is to copy the sequence 
of notes generated by the computer. 
The computer begins with a sequence 
of one note, after which you must 
repeat the note. The computer will 
then (provided you played the 
correct note back) play the first 
note and another. You must now play 
back both notes in the correct 
order. The game continues; 
increasing by one note each round, 
until you are unable to correctly 
play the sequence back, or you 
hesitate too long between notes (you 
have approx. 2 seconds for every 
note). The other options of the game 
are:

PLAY LAST: This will play back the 
last sequence played by the 
computer.

PLAY LONGEST: This will play back 
the longest correct sequence for the 
current computer session.

HIGH SCORES: This will show the all 
time top ten scores.

This game was originally written 
Sept 89' and was my first ever 
program in GFA. I finally got around 
to 'fixing' the game to a point that 
others may want to play it. This 
program is Public Domain and may be 
freely distributed, provided all 
accompanying files are included. All 
I ask, is that if you enjoy the 
game, you send me a note or a copy 
of your favorite PD program for the 
Atari ST.

Greg Bennett
38 West 600 South
St. George Utah 84770 U.S.A.

sl4nw@cc.usu.edu
sl4nw@mua.usu.edu
greg@cases.cs.usu.edu


